[Cortex Assistant] Handle AgentDisabled backend error (103502) (#44394)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/ReleaseNotes/3_8_2.md

#### Integrations

##### Slack v3

> - Added support for handling the *Agent Disabled* backend error (error code 103502).

Author: ```suggestion
- Added support for handling the *Agent Disabled* backend error in the Cortex Agentic Assistant feature.
```

> - Added handling for the *Agent Disabled* backend error in the Cortex Agentic Assistant feature.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added support for handling the *Agent Disabled* backend error (error code 103502).
```
